c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\PowerRedis2.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\PowerRedis2.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PowerRedis2\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\PowerRedis2.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\PowerRedis2.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\obj\Debug\PowerRedis2.pdb
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
C:\hg\codeplex\powerredis\PowerRedis2\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
